We love to talk.
Communication, especially
voice communication and
all forms of communication, are very, very
important aspect of the human society.
The main purpose of language is to
communicate between two people.
On this slide,
I would like to pause a little bit and
just read through the linguistic
definition of language.
So the main point here is
language is unique to humans and
it has evolved over 50, 100,000 years ago.
One school of thought to which I subscribe
to is that language evolution had
a significant boost when we
started inventing tools and
we became hunters and gatherers.
This was a hands-busy,
eyes-busy situation.
You needed some way of
communicating with each other for
efficient hunting and gathering.
And for the longest time,
we were passing on knowledge
to the next generations
through word of mouth.
And in 1454 there was the invention
of the printing press.
And this was a big technological
innovation because
humans could have essentially
a broadcast network.
You could write once and reach hundreds
of thousands or millions of people.
Again, this is a busy slide.
Let me pause a bit and
have you read about Gutenberg and
his invention of the printing press.
So when you think about it, the e-reader
is a thing that hangs off the Internet and
that completely transformed our experience
of curling up with a good book.
But anyway,
I'm getting ahead of myself here.
The real story that I wanted to convey
here is that of the telephony network,
and we will get to the Internet of
things very soon in future lessons